Update RadioNodeList description to reflect this collections content better (#29105)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/radionodelist/index.md

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`RadioNodeList`** interface represents a collection of elements in a {{HTMLElement("form")}} or a {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}} element whose `name` or `id` match a specified value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`RadioNodeList`** interface represents a collection of elements in a {{HTMLElement("form")}} or a {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}} element, returned by a call to {{domxref("HTMLFormControlsCollection.namedItem()")}}.
```

To me, reading "match a specified value" makes me think "what specified value?". But AFAIK this object is only returned from `namedItem()`, and this page does not mention `namedItem()` at all.
